feat(lambda): Adds handler config option (#1627)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: plugins/node/opentelemetry-instrumentation-aws-lambda/README.md

| `responseHook` | `ResponseHook` (function) | Hook for adding custom attributes before lambda returns the response. Receives params: `span, { err?, res? }` |
| `disableAwsContextPropagation` | `boolean` | By default, this instrumentation will try to read the context from the `_X_AMZN_TRACE_ID` environment variable set by Lambda, set this to `true` or set the environment variable `OTEL_LAMBDA_DISABLE_AWS_CONTEXT_PROPAGATION=true` to disable this behavior |
| `eventContextExtractor` | `EventContextExtractor` (function) | Function for providing custom context extractor in order to support different event types that are handled by AWS Lambda (e.g., SQS, CloudWatch, Kinesis, API Gateway). Applied only when `disableAwsContextPropagation` is set to `true`. Receives params: `event, context` |

> | `handler` | `string` | By default, this instrumentation will determine the file to instrument by reading the `_HANDLER` environment variable set by AWS. Override this behavior by setting the `handler` option to the name of the file to instrument. |

Author: Thank you for this very thoughtful feedback!

Yes, you're absolutely correct. The value should be something like `"index.handler"` or `"lambda-test/async.handler"`. I've updated the description to try to be more clear.

I have added a `### Specifying the Lambda Handler` section to the README to better explain the scenarios in which the `lambdaHandler` option should be used and how to determine when it's appropriate.

Let me know what you think.

> | `lambdaHandler` | `string` | By default, this instrumentation automatically determines the Lambda handler function to instrument. This option is used to override that behavior by explicitly specifying the Lambda handler to instrument. See [Specifying the Lambda Layer](#specifying-the-lambda-handler) for additional information. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambdaHandler` | `string` | By default, this instrumentation automatically determines the Lambda handler function to instrument. This option is used to override that behavior by explicitly specifying the Lambda handler to instrument. See [Specifying the Lambda Handler](#specifying-the-lambda-handler) for additional information. |
```
Nit: to match the title of the section below

Author: Ahh, thank you for catching that!

})
```

### Specifying the Lambda Handler

The instrumentation will attempt to automatically determine the Lambda handler function to instrument. To do this, it relies on the `_HANDLER` environment variable which is [set by the Lambda runtime](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-envvars.html#configuration-envvars-runtime). For most use cases, this will accurately represent the handler that should be targeted by this instrumentation.

> There exist use cases where the instrumetation's default behavior will not work. For these use cases, the `lambdaHandler` option should be used to explicitly specify the Lambda handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There exist use cases where the `_HANDLER` environment variable does not accurately represent the module that should be targeted by this instrumentation. For these use cases, the `lambdaHandler` option can be used to explicitly specify the Lambda handler that should be instrumented.
```

I actually prefer the wording you used in the PR description to describe this particular use case since it explains the issue more clearly than saying the instrumentation's default behavior doesn't work, which is more vague.

The `lambdaHandler` should be specified as a string in the format `<file>.<handler>`, where `<file>` is the name of the file that contains the handler and `<handler>` is the name of the handler function. For example, if the handler is defined in the file `index.js` and the handler function is named `handler`, the `lambdaHandler` should be specified as `index.handler`.

> To better explain when `lambdaHandler` should be specified, consider how some telemetry tools, such as [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/), are instrumented into the Lambda runtime. Datadog does this by overriding the handler function with a wrapper function that is loaded via a [Lambda Layer](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/chapter-layers.html). In these examples, the Lambda's handler will point to the Datadog wrapper and not to the actual handler that should be instrumented. In cases like this, `lambdaHandler` should be used to explicitly specify the handler that should be instrumented.

Reviewer: Another small nit: Can this paragraph be placed before the previous paragraph? I think it fits better after the sentence that starts with "There exist use cases" since it explains those use cases in more detail here. Once those use cases are established, then the format of the `lambdaHandler` can be outlined

Author: Yes, I definitely see what you mean. Just made that adjustment!
